[MUSIC]
>> Mike North: I'm gonna go over the next
step to our wonderful little GitHub app.
So we're gonna have this
concept of favoriting orgs.
Favoriting orgs, and I want the service
to hold the source of truth for
the set of favorite orgs.
So, a couple steps here.
I think this time I'm on one page, but
yes, and just a screenshot of the result.
So we wanna create
a service called Favorites,
with an array on it called Items, and
I already did something that is just
a change of names away from that.
We want that service to be
available on the route for
the orgs list, and then, next to each org,
inside the each helper, I want
a span with an action binding on it.
And then an action on
the route that will add
that appropriate org to
the list of favorites.
And at the bottom here, and just so
we have some feedback, because
the visual state will not
actually update as you favorite.
We're gonna take care of
that in the next step.
But you should console.log every
time that you add something,
just so you can see feedback that
you've actually favorited something.
And what I'm suggesting is just log
the whole array, dot join comma,
so that you can kind of
see what's going on.
And the last thing is,
addObject will check for
presence as long as you're
using primitive values.
If you're using objects, as we just saw,
each one is a unique instance, you know.
So this is what you're aiming for,
something that looks like this.
Where if I click, you get something
like this logged to the console.